Paying Additional Voluntary Contributions (AVCs) into your pension
Article metadata.This article was updated•  about a month agoabout a month ago This article has 24607 views.•  24607 Views This article has average rating: 2 out of 5 stars• (*)(*) ( ) ( ) ( ) 
Depending which BAE Systems pension scheme you are a member of, will depend on how you can request a change to your Additional Voluntary Contributions (AVCs).

 

If you are unsure which scheme you are a member of, you can log onto FLEX, or OneRewardAI if you are a Digital Intelligence employee, click on explore your benefits and your pension scheme will be available there. If you currently pay AVCs you can also see the amount you are paying there.



Defined Contribution members – BAE Systems Retirement Savings Plan (‘the BAESRSP’) 

If you are a Defined Contribution member of the Mercer Master Trust – BAE Systems Retirement Savings Plan (‘the BAESRSP’) to start paying regular monthly AVCs, a one-off lump sum AVC or to change the amount of AVCs you currently pay, please submit your request on-line using the Changing your pension contributions in the MMT BAESRSP request on the ESC Portal. You can also elect to pay Matching Contributions into this arrangement using this request.

 

Digital Intelligence employees in the BAESRSP should visit OneRewardAI to make ANY pension related changes.

 

Additional Voluntary Contributions (AVCs) - Percentage Contribution Field
When completing the AVC application form, the percentage field at the bottom of the form refers to the total percentage contribution you wish to pay after the change has been processed, not the additional percentage you want to add.

Example:

Current AVC contribution: 2%
Desired AVC contribution: 3%
Enter on the form: 3%
Do not enter only the difference (1%) The value entered should represent your overall AVC contribution percentage, including any AVC contributions you are already making.

 

Defined Benefit members – the BAE Systems Pension Scheme and Royal Ordnance Pension Scheme
Defined Benefit members must go to the BAE Systems pension website at Defined Benefit Members | BAE Systems in order to download and complete the relevant form to make a change to your AVCs.

 

The Company sponsors two Defined Benefit schemes which have active members – the BAE Systems Pension Scheme and the Royal Ordnance Pension Scheme. These Schemes are closed to new entrants and anyone joining BAE Systems since April 2012 will have been offered membership of the Defined Contribution arrangement. The specific sections of these two schemes that have active members in, are listed below.
