Pension
Saving for your future is important, and one of the most tax efficient ways you can do this is through a pension. Contribute through your salary and benefit from additional contributions from your employer.

Please select the correct link in Useful Links to navigate to the website for your pension scheme.

What are my options?Read more
The employer contribution is 6% and your contribution must be at least 3%. Choose to contribute as much of your salary as you like (subject to maximum spending rules).

Amendments to the level of contributions can be made throughout the year and can only be made through OneRewardAI. Scottish Widows is the administrator for the Mercer Master Trust (MMT). Scottish Widows manages your account from day-to-day. This includes processing your contributions, arranging investment fund switches and communicating with you from time to time on behalf of Mercer. You can contact Scottish Widows directly using their portal.

If you wish to stop all contributions, you must email baesystemshr@baesystems.com. Your contributions & Company contributions will cease in the following month.

Important: If you are unsure as to which option is best for you, it is recommended that you seek independent financial advice.

The Scottish Widows website holds a number of general guides and information about your pension but for personalised information regarding your pension, please visit www.mercermoney.com. Once registered on Mercer Money you will be able to:

Monitor the value of your BAESRSP account
Access information regarding the funds you can invest in and the historic performance of those funds
Make changes to your investments
Update your selected retirement age (the date you expect to retire)
Investigate the impact of paying different levels of contributions
Create illustrations of the savings you might build up and estimate how much you may need to live in retirement
Update your nomination of beneficiaries (see below)
How to Nominate your Beneficiaries
Once you have activated your account, you can view details of your pension and importantly nominate your beneficiaries. It is important that you nominate your beneficiaries in relation to your pension to provide the MMT Trustee with an indication of who you would like your retirement savings paid to in the event of your death.

Employer funding:
6%
Enter the percentage you wish to contribute:
15
Your employer will contribute:
£3,441.42
Total contribution:
21%
Cost and savings

Monthly

Annual
Cost of Benefit Selected:£12,044.97
Employer Funding for Benefit:£3,441.42
Your salary adjustment (a negative adjustment indicates you have unused funding that will be paid to you):£8,603.55
Tax impact:-£3,215.62
National insurance impact:-£283.43
Estimated impact on your take home pay*:-£5,104.51
*Impact on take home pay is estimated based on payments, tax code and NI category we hold for you.

Please note: Changes must be submitted by 27/09/2026 to be active for 01/10/2026
